#399 Extension module cancel workflow (#483)
commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration: extension/docs/CancelPayment.md

**Please see [Integration Guide](WebComponentsIntegrationGuide.md) first before continuing with this document.**

## Cancel a payment

> If you have authorised a payment but do not want to capture it, you need to make a Cancel request to release the funds back to the shopper.
> If the payment has already been captured, you need to [refund it](./Refund.md) instead.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have authorised payment but do not want to capture it, then you can make a cancel request to release the funds back to the shopper.
If the payment has already been captured, then you should [refund it](./Refund.md) instead.
```

Reviewer: This is copied from Adyen 😊 I guess they have it professionally written, so I won't make your fixes. https://docs.adyen.com/checkout/cancel (second paragraph).

### Make an API call to cancel a payment

#### Prerequisites
It is required that the payment has one `Authorization` transaction with state `Success`.
From this transaction, the `interactionId` field is being used as `originalReference` for the Adyen cancel request.

#### Steps
To make a cancellation, [add a transaction](https://docs.commercetools.com/http-api-projects-payments#add-transaction)
with type `CancelAuthorization` and state `Initial` to the commercetools payment.
```json
{
  "action": "addTransaction",
  "transaction": {
    "type": "CancelAuthorization",
    "amount": {
      "currencyCode": "EUR",
      "centAmount": 500
    },
    "state": "Initial"
  }
}
```

> Extension module will update the transaction with `Pending` transaction state and `interactionId` field with value `pspReference` from the Adyen response:

Author: ```suggestion
Extension module will update the CTP transaction with `Pending` transaction state and `interactionId` field with value `pspReference` from the Adyen response:
```
